[Python] Improve Concept Exercise: lists #2880 (#2898)
exercism/v3: languages/python/concepts/lists/about.md

>>> breakfast_foods = ["Oatmeal", "Fruit Salad", "Eggs", "Toast"]

# Oatmeal is at index 0 or index -4.
>>> first_breakfast_food = breakfast_foods[0]
'Oatmeal'

>>> first_breakfast_food = breakfast_foods[-4]
'Oatmeal'
```

> You can access a portion of the list with the slice notation `[start:stop]`. The slice of a list from start to stop is defined as the sequence of items with index `i` such that `start <= i < stop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access a portion of a list with _slice notation_ (`[start:stop]`). A _slice_  is defined as the sequence of items in a list at position `index` such that `start <=  index < stop`.  Slicing a `list` returns a copy of the data.
```

> You can also get a slice of a list from `start` to `stop` with step `step` with the notation `[start:stop:step]`.
> A slice of a list is a copy of a portion of the original list so you do not modify the original but you get a new list with the elements you asked for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also slice a list using a `step` parameter with the notation `[start:stop:step]`.  Using a `step` will "skip over" or filter the list elements (_for example, a `step` of 2 will be every other element in the range_).
```

```python

>>> colors = ["Red", "Purple", "Green", "Yellow", "Orange", "Pink", "Blue", "Grey"]

> >>> middle_colors = colors[2:6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If there is no step parameter, the step is assumed to be 1
>>> middle_colors = colors[2:6]
```

Author: Thanks you for thé suggestions ! Should I also apply them to the introduction file?

Reviewer: ooh!  Yes, please.  I haven't (yet) read that far!  😄

["Green", "Yellow", "Orange", "Pink"]

> >>> primary_colors = colors[0:len(colors):3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> primary_colors = colors[0::3]
```

Reviewer: Just a note -- all three variants work -- (`colors[0:len(colors):3]`, `colors[0::3]`, and `colors[0::3]`) but since the runtime is keeping track of the start/stop of the list internally, calling `len(colors)` just adds an extra method call, and adding the 0 is just extra typing.  😉
